Qin Feng has already done it, don't compare anymore
Yeah.
The judge's grandfather said that we have already won
Why not compare
Don't fight for steamed buns
I just want those traitors to know
Our country is no worse than any other country
Who do you think has sold thieves?
I'll say whoever draws first
Hello Tianyi
Please pay attention to your words and deeds
This is the Science and Technology Association
Not the breeze of the academic office
I'd like to see it
How did your broken phone talk in the water?
Who wouldn't brag?
Don't put your phone in the water for a while and stop cooking.
Tell me about it.
If your phone can talk in water
I'll do a handstand for you and wash your hair.
Yeah, never heard of it.
Which company produces mobile phones that are waterproof?
Yes, let alone a domestic company.
Even foreign high-tech mobile phone companies
Neither will this technology
Ah!
Breeze, please begin your performance
I'd rather see how you lose
Oh, dear.
Hahahahaha
Black screen, black screen, black screen, hahahaha.
Qingfeng, didn't you say your phone is waterproof?
This is so urgent.
Dad will brag
What's the hurry?
This is called the screen saver, which automatically turns off the screen.
Classmate called me